## FAQ

* [Apple Card allows me to export OFX file. Why do I need your software?](#apple-card-allows-me-to-export-ofx-file-why-do-i-need-your-software)
* [How do I get help?](#is-the-cost-of-the-license-one-time-or-per-year)
* [Is the cost of the license one time or per year?](#is-the-cost-of-the-license-one-time-or-per-year)
* [How do I install the Desktop version?](#how-do-i-install-the-desktop-version)
* [How do I install the Online version?](#how-do-i-install-the-online-version)
* [Do I need different keys for different version?](#do-i-need-different-keys-for-different-version)
* [Can I try the software without a key?](#can-i-try-the-software-without-a-key)
* [How do you ensure my privacy for the Desktop version?](#how-do-you-ensure-my-privacy-for-the-desktop-version)
* [How do you ensure my privacy for the Online version?](#how-do-you-ensure-my-privacy-for-the-online-version)
* [Do you have an installer?](#do-you-have-an-installer)
* [Error: Quicken is unable to update this account because ...](#error-quicken-is-unable-to-update-this-account-because-)
* [Error: Quicken is currently unable to verify ...](#error-quicken-is-currently-unable-to-verify-)
* [About us](#about-us)

### Apple Card allows me to export OFX file. Why do I need your software?
(Updated March 01, 2020) - Yes, Apple Cards does provide a functionality to export OFX. But such file is badly formatted and cannot be used to import into personal finance softwares succesfully. OFX/QFX/QBO file generated by ac2ofx  has no such issue. Our software is simple, fast and just works.

### How do I get help?
Please send email to <ac2ofx@gmail.com>

### Is the cost of the license one time or per year?
The cost of the license is one time.

### How do I install the Desktop version?
See [this link](README.md#prerequisite-for-desktop-version)

### How do I install the Online version?
See [this link](web.md#online-version)

### Do I need different keys for different version?
No, same key can be used for both version.

### Can I try the software without a key?
Yes, the software (both Desktop and Online) is fully functional in eval mode (no key) but with one limitation: the output will be limited to just 5 transactions.

### How do you ensure my privacy for the Desktop version?
* Everything resides on your computer. No network access.
* We do not collect any personal information.

### How do you ensure my privacy for the Online version?
* We use SSL to transport the data
* We remove all files once you are done (logout).
* We do not collect any personal information.

### Do you have an installer?
If you prefer to use an installer, see the the following instruction
* For [MacOS](macos-installer.md)
* For [Windows](win-installer.md)

### Error: Quicken is unable to update this account because ...
If you are seeing error: "Quicken is unable to update this account because Web Connect support for your financial institution has been either temporarily, or permanently discontinued [CC-885]” when importing #AppleCard transactions
using Apple Card ofx/qfx file, we can help. Our software generates ofx/qfx that will work with Quicken.

### Error: Quicken is currently unable to verify ...
If you are seeing error: "Quicken is currently unable to verify financial institution information for download" when importing #AppleCard transactions using Apple Card ofx/qfx file, we can help. Our software generates ofx/qfx that will work with Quicken.

### About us
* We are a team of three: father (Hung), daughter (Amanda) and son (Chris) [(more ...)](about.md)

Back to [ac2ofx home page](/ac2ofx/)
